Release 1.6.0 (#385)
Vandebron/mpyl: releases/README.md

# Release notes

## MPyL 1.6.0

#### Improvements
- Implement a different way to determine the build plan
- Change the layout of the build plan print to improve transparency

> - Allow passing --stage to the build plan command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Allow passing --stage to the build status command
```

#### Build set caching

> Store the build set when `--sequential` is passed, this allows for skipping the build plan calculation on subsequent 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Store the build set in disk and read it back when `--sequential` is passed as a parameter, preventing us to rebuild the plan on subsequent 
```
